# Getting started

To get started we need to setup our environment first, for that we need to install some softwares.

**1. Installing Vscode**

First things first, we need to install and configure a code editor for that we'll use VScode 

[Download-Link](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

After Installing vscode, add the essential extensions according to your linking to get the best possible experience.

**2. Download and Install Node.js**

Node.js is a cross-platform open-source server environment that we will be using for handling backend server responses.

[Download-Link](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

**3. Download the necessary vscode extensions**

**4. Download git and git-bash**


<br><br>

# Naming Convensions

- Camel Case
- Snake Case
- Kebab Case
- Pascal Case

## What is Camel Case?
The resulting name starts with a lowercase letter, and each subsequent word in the name is capitalized, without any spaces or punctuation.

Here are some examples of camel case

**firstName and lastName.**

## What is Snake Case?
Like in camel case, you start the name with a small letter in snake case. If the name has multiple words, the later words will start with small letters and you use a underscore (_) to separate the words.

Here are some examples of snake case: first_name and last_name.

## What is Kebab Case?
Kebab case is similar to snake case, but you use a hyphen (-) instead of an underscore (_) to separate the words.

Here are some examples of kebab case: first-name and last-name.

## What is Pascal Case?
Unlike the previous examples, names in pascal case start with a capital letter. In case of the names with multiple words, all words will start with capital letters.

Here are some examples of pascal case: FirstName and LastName.

[Link](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/programming-naming-conventions-explained/)