# BEM Naming Convention

**BEM (Block-Element-Modifier)** is a popular naming convention for CSS classes that was developed by the team at Yandex. It is designed to help developers create scalable and maintainable CSS code by providing a clear structure for naming classes.

The BEM naming convention consists of three parts: Block, Element, and Modifier, each separated by a double underscore (__) or a double dash (--).

Block: A block is a standalone component that can be reused across different pages or sections of a website. It is represented by a class name that describes the purpose or function of the component. For example, a header, footer, or menu could be considered a block.

Element: An element is a part of a block that has a specific function or purpose. It is represented by a class name that describes its relationship to the block it belongs to. For example, a button, link, or text field could be considered an element of a form block.

Modifier: A modifier is a class name that is used to modify the style or behavior of a block or element. It is represented by a class name that describes the variation or state of the block or element it modifies. For example, a disabled state, a size variation, or a color variation could be considered a modifier.

Here's an example of the BEM naming convention in action:

```html
<div class="menu">
  <ul class="menu__list">
    <li class="menu__item"><a class="menu__link" href="#">Home</a></li>
    <li class="menu__item menu__item--active"><a class="menu__link" href="#">About</a></li>
    <li class="menu__item"><a class="menu__link" href="#">Contact</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>
```
In this example, we have a menu block with a menu__list element. Each menu__item element is a child of the menu__list element. The first two menu__item elements have a Modifier part of the class name, --active, which indicates that the second item is currently active.

By using the BEM naming convention, we can create a clear and consistent way of naming our CSS classes, which can make it easier to read and maintain our code. It also helps to ensure that our styles are reusable and modular, which can improve the overall performance and scalability of our codebase.

Other Useful resources

[CSS Naming Conventions that Will Save You Hours of Debugging](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/css-naming-conventions-that-will-save-you-hours-of-debugging-35cea737d849/)

